Autowired.
Autowiring is where I would say that most people start to think that
there is some magic that's taking place inside of Spring.
Autowiring is a great technique used to reduce the
wiring up and configuration of code.
If you've ever heard the term convention over configuration, this is it.
To autowire our applications using the Java configuration,
we just simply need to add a component scan to our configuration file
with an annotation that looks something like this.
The text inside of the annotation, com.pluralsight,
just says that this is where I should begin looking for autowired annotations.
To use autowiring, you just mark whatever bean you want as autowired.
You can choose by name, and that uses the @Bean name or by type,
and that uses the instance type.
One thing I like about the Java configuration over XML
configuration for autowiring is that using Java,
I can mix pieces that I want and it feels more natural,
so I can have a bean that I defined as autowired with another bean into it,
and it makes more sense where those beans are coming from. We'll show you how that configuration plays out in this next demo.